# Ferry Management System (FMS)

# Project Description
Balancing an employee’s workload is always challenging and a sensitive topic in the workplace. With the ever desire to improve work-life balance and make the workplace environment more conducive and attractive (Guest. 2002), companies are often looking for tools that can ease their workload management as work-life balance is a cycle (Lupu & Ruiz-Castro, 2021). As a result, your client (your instructors) has decided that a workload management system on the Web would be an informative way to have an overview of the company’s manpower strengthen at any time and get more informative availabilities of employees and engagement. The system is expected to provide an interactive and visual way for the employee to see their job assignments, working hours engaged/assigned, and for employees to inform the system of their availabilities. Employees should be able to indicate to the company any assigned jobs they cannot fulfil ahead of time. To assist with the workload planning, employees should be able to indicate their availabilities up to one month earlier. The administrative staff (usually the manager) should be able to visualise the manpower availability at any time up to one month earlier. Hence, the system is expected to provide an interactive and visual way for the administrative staff to visualise manpower availabilities, job assignments, and allocate jobs. Individual employee workload and availabilities should be able to be visualised at a glance.
